Overhaul readme (#28)
redhat-actions/crda: README.md

| Node.js (npm)  | `package.json`, `package-lock.json` | `npm ci` |
| Node.js (yarn) | `package.json`, `yarn.lock` | `yarn install --frozen-lockfile` |
| Python         | `requirements.txt` | `pip install -r requirements.txt` |

<a id="authentication"></a>
### 4. Set Up Authentication

For authentication, you must provide either a CRDA Key or a Synk Token.

The token must be stored in a [repository secret](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets).

#### Snyk Token
1. [Sign up for Synk](https://app.snyk.io/login?utm_campaign=Code-Ready-Analytics-2020&utm_source=code_ready&code_ready=FF1B53D9-57BE-4613-96D7-1D06066C38C9).
2. Click through the wizard. You do not need to provide it any permissions if you don't want to.
3. Go to `Account settings` to find your Synk Token (aka "key").
4. Provide the token in the `synk_token` input.

#### CRDA Key (Optional)
1. First, obtain a Snyk token.
2. [Install the CRDA CLI locally](https://github.com/fabric8-analytics/cli-tools/blob/main/docs/cli_README.md)
3. Run `crda auth`. Provide the Snyk token so the CRDA Key can also access the Synk database.
4. Extracted the CRDA Key from the output or `$HOME/.crda/config.yaml`.

> 5. Prhovide the CRDA Key in the `crda_key` input. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Provide the CRDA Key in the `crda_key` input.
```

| crda_key | Existing CRDA key to identify the existing user. | **Required** unless `synk_token` is set
| snyk_token | Snyk token to be used to authenticate to the CRDA | **Required** unless `crda_key` is set
| manifest_path | Path of the manifest file to use for analysis, relative to the repository root. | **Required**
| analysis_report_name | Name of the analysis report files. A `.json` and a `.sarif` file will be created. | `crda_analysis_report`
| checkout_path | Path at which the project repository is checked out. | `${{ github.workspace }}`
| consent_telemetry | CRDA collects anonymous usage data. Enable this to help make CRDA better for our users. Refer to the [privacy statement](https://developers.redhat.com/article/tool-data-collection) for more details. | `false`
| deps_install_cmd | Command to use for the dependencies installation instead of using the default. | [View defaults](#installing-dependencies)
| fail_on | Configure if the workflow should fail if a vulnerability of this level or higher is found in the project. This can be `error` to fail only on errors, `warning` to fail on warnings or errors, or `never` to always pass the step.| `error`

> | github_token | Github token used to upload the SARIF report to GitHub. The token must have `security_events` write permission. | [`${{ github.token }}`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/authentication-in-a-workflow#about-the-github_token-secret)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| github_token | GitHub token used to upload the SARIF report to GitHub. The token must have `security_events` write permission. | [`${{ github.token }}`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/authentication-in-a-workflow#about-the-github_token-secret)
```
